{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh18180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
13.09.16\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Parmigiana by dw\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
(Preparation time: three days)\
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Pt 01 - Day One\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Prepare the \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Tomato sauce\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  the day before\
\
Lightly brown \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul One large onion\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  in olive oil\'a0\
\
Add \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Three tins of Italian whole tomatos\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  - organic\
\
Add \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul One tbs of quality tomato pur\'e9\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Add \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Two tsp of red wine\'a0vinegar\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Add \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul One - two tsp of honey\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Add \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Black pepper\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  to taste\
\
Slow cook on low heat for approx. \'a0three - four hours until the sauce is thick and firm. Keep an eye on it and stir every now and then\
\
Add a generous handful of chopped \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Fresh parsley\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  and \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Half a level teaspoon of chilli powder\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  and a drop of \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Olive oil\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Refrigerate over night\
\
(Note this is a sweet and slightly spicy sauce so \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul no salt\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone )\
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Pt 02 - Day two\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Slice \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Four medium sized aubergines\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \'a0(organic) lengthways with a precise thickness 8mm - Not 7mm or 9mm but 8mm this is important.\
\
Lightly brush with olive oil and grill until both sides are golden brown then lightly salt both sides. Stack the aubergine slices on a plate.\
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Pt 03\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Using a stainless steel baking dish or similar start with a thin layer of \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Tomato sauce.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  Spread evenly across the bottom. Then a layer of aubergine, followed by a more generous layer of tomato sauce. Top the sauce with a generous coating of quality \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Parmigiano reggiano\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone . Then lightly cover this surface with a little salt and freshly ground black pepper. Rotate the next layer of aubergine 90 degrees in a criss-cross pattern and repeat. Finally top with a layer of \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Tomato sauce\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  making sure all aubergine is completely covered to prevent burning.\
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Pt 04\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Slow cook in the oven (positioned just below the centre)\'a0at a temperature of approx. 150-180 deg. C. for approx two hours. WARNING: Keep a close eye on it during this period and adjust temp. accordingly. It should cook gently. A browned top is preferable, not burnt. You will smell when it is ready. Remove and cover with metal foil. Then refrigerate overnight when cool.\
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Pt 05 - Day Three\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\
Cover the top surface with a generous layer of \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Parmigiano reggiano\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \'a0and Le Gruy\'e9re Switzerland if desired. Add a little freshly ground black pepper on top and lightly salt. Cook for approx. 30 mins in the centre of the oven at a temperature of approx. 180 - 200 deg. C. until golden brown.\'a0\
\
Enjoy! \'a0\
\
\
}